AI #2334: Align remaining normative requirement inconsistencies with updated guidelines (#2344)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/attributes/dataset_completeness.md

  * *FOCUS dataset* MUST include *custom columns* corresponding to [*native dataset*](#glossary:native-dataset) columns, except those explicitly listed as exclusions with justification in publicly-available documentation, provided those excluded columns are unrelated to *invoice reconciliation*.
  * *FOCUS dataset* MUST have all included *custom columns* documented in publicly-available documentation, including description, purpose, and relationship to *native dataset* columns.
  * *FOCUS dataset* SHOULD include *custom columns* that enable correlation between *FOCUS dataset* records and *native dataset* records (e.g., native [*charge*](#glossary:charge) identifiers), even when they meet the criteria for exclusion.
  * *FOCUS dataset* SHOULD exclude *custom columns* that duplicate information already captured in *FOCUS columns*, except during a transitional period as defined in publicly-available documentation, to enable migration without breaking changes.

> * *FOCUS dataset* MUST retain the fidelity of corresponding *native dataset* values within *custom columns* without lossy transformations (e.g., rounding or truncation).
> * *FOCUS dataset* MUST NOT alter the aggregated values of summable [*metrics*](#glossary:metric) (e.g., costs and quantities) due to the inclusion of *custom columns*.

Reviewer: We need to scrub these process verbs:

```suggestion
* *FOCUS dataset* MUST contain values within *custom columns* that exactly match the corresponding *native dataset* values without rounding or truncation.
* *FOCUS dataset* MUST have identical aggregated values for summable [*metrics*](#glossary:metric) (e.g., costs and quantities) regardless of the inclusion of *custom columns*.
```

Reviewer: Discussed with @ijurica.  Let's leave it for now, even though these violate the guidelines going forward.
